docs/user_stories.md, before:

# User Stories

- Project: BarApp

## US related to viewing

- US 01 Download Drink Recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I want to download the drink recipe, so that I can refer it while preparing the drink.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 100
  - Status: Not started

- US 02 Share Drink Recipe in Facebook
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to share recipes of drinks in Facebook, so that I can share with my friends and public.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 03 Add drink recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be add a drink recipe, so that I view it later and share with other users.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 04 View Drink Recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to view the drink recipe,so that I can know how it was prepared.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 05 Like Drink Recipes
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to like a drink recipe shared by other account-holders, so that other account-holder know I like the recipe.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 06 View Ingredients
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to view ingredients used in a drink, so that I know what ingredients are used to make the drink.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 07 Comment on Recipes
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to comment on recipes, so that I can express my opinion on the drink recipe.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
## US related to searching
 
- US 08 Filter Drinks by Country or Ingredients
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to filter the drinks by country or ingredients, so that I can know the drinks available.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 09 Search Drink by Type or Occasion
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to search drink by Type or Occasion, so that I can know what drinks are available.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 70
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 10 List New or Top 10 Drinks
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to list new or top 10 liked drinks, so that I will know what are the new and popular drinks.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 11 Search Bar
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to search for nearby bars, so that I can plan my visit.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
## US related to account
 
- US 12 Log into account
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to login to the BarApp account, so that I can view, search and share the drinks and search the bars.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 13 Create account
  - Description: As a visitor, I should be able to create an account, so I can get access to the activities of BarApp.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Not started

- US 14 Update account
  - Description: As a visitor, I should be able to update my account and profile information, so I can keep my profile current.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Not started


## US related to reviewing
 
- US 15 View Comments
  - Description: As an account-holder or administrator, I should be able to view the comments, so I can know what comments are written.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 16 Delete Review
  - Description: As an administrator, I should be able to delete a review written by an account-holder, so that I can remove the inappropriate comments.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
  
- US 17 Edit Comment
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to edit the comments, so that I can edit the comments written by myself.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 85
  - Status: Not started

- US 18 Delete account
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to delete an account, so I can delete my account from BarApp.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started

Commit message:

Added User Story for ingredients

docs/user_stories.md, after:

# User Stories

- Project: BarApp

## US related to viewing

- US 01 Download Drink Recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I want to download the drink recipe, so that I can refer it while preparing the drink.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 100
  - Status: Not started

- US 02 Share Drink Recipe in Facebook
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to share recipes of drinks in Facebook, so that I can share with my friends and public.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 03 Add drink recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be add a drink recipe, so that I view it later and share with other users.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Completed
 
- US 04 View Drink Recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to view the drink recipe,so that I can know how it was prepared.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Completed
 
- US 05 Like Drink Recipes
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to like a drink recipe shared by other account-holders, so that other account-holder know I like the recipe.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 06 View Ingredients
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to view ingredients used in a drink, so that I know what ingredients are used to make the drink.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Completed
 
- US 07 Comment on Recipes
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to comment on recipes, so that I can express my opinion on the drink recipe.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 60
  - Status: Not started
 
## US related to searching
 
- US 08 Filter Drinks by Country or Ingredients
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to filter the drinks by country or ingredients, so that I can know the drinks available.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 09 Search Drink by Type or Occasion
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to search drink by Type or Occasion, so that I can know what drinks are available.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 70
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 10 List New or Top 10 Drinks
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to list new or top 10 liked drinks, so that I will know what are the new and popular drinks.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 11 Search Bar
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to search for nearby bars, so that I can plan my visit.
  - Estimate: 1.5
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
## US related to account
 
- US 12 Log into account
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to login to the BarApp account, so that I can view, search and share the drinks and search the bars.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Completed
 
- US 13 Create account
  - Description: As a visitor, I should be able to create an account, so I can get access to the activities of BarApp.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Completed

- US 14 Update account
  - Description: As a visitor, I should be able to update my account and profile information, so I can keep my profile current.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 40
  - Status: Not started


## US related to reviewing
 
- US 15 View Comments
  - Description: As an account-holder or administrator, I should be able to view the comments, so I can know what comments are written.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 80
  - Status: Not started
 
- US 16 Delete Review
  - Description: As an administrator, I should be able to delete a review written by an account-holder, so that I can remove the inappropriate comments.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
  
- US 17 Edit Comment
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to edit the comments, so that I can edit the comments written by myself.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 85
  - Status: Not started

- US 18 Delete account
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to delete an account, so I can delete my account from BarApp.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started  
  
  ## Additional User Stories
  
 - US19 Add/modify ingredients to a Drink Recipe
  - Description: As an account-holder, I should be able to add and modify the ingredients for a drink recipe, so insure the recipe has the right ingredients.
  - Estimate: 1
  - Priority: 90
  - Status: Not started
